I don't know who is looking for me
The boss is this gentleman
Said to be the master of the blue dream
kid
I don't know why you play this joke on me.
But I don't know you either.
And this blue diamond is not yours either.
This slap in the face is really fast
I told you
Inferior people like you
How could it be possible to own such a precious blue diamond?
Xiao Wu, what do you have to say?
It's okay boss
You can call
Check with the person who lent you the diamond.
Just say my name is Xiao Wuji
If you want to hit, you can hit
I'd like to see this kid's mouth
When will it be hard?
That being the case
I'm going to call now
Please wait a moment
Xiao Wuji looked at Ning Yu's face
You just have to admit that you're bragging.
I can ignore you
If the boss verifies that the diamond is not yours
Then you deceived the Li family
Insult my brother
I will count with you the matter of deceiving Ning Yu
Then you will never come to this door
You and Li Zhifei are really brothers
He seems to have said the same thing
Later, it wasn't kowtowing to me
And so will you